
> \"Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
Bjarne Stroustrup. Man, this guy is an inspiration to me. He is so intelligent, hard-working and obsessed with computer science. I want to emulate some of this guy's passion. He is arguably one of the most influential people on the modern world because of his creation and continual contributions to the C++ programming language, but people barely know him because he keeps his head down and just works. He's brilliant and humble.

I'm always constantly a victim to Dunning Kruger. And the sad thing is that my knowing of that only makes me a greater victim of it. I have barely scratched the surface with programming, even after 4 years of university. I need to start deliberately practising my skills more and exploring topics beyond my skill/knowledge level. I should be able to understand more of the things that stackoverflow posts talk about.

Look to people like Lex Fridman. Be inspired to become like these great people. I should be constantly wearing myself out day to day. I should be ruthlessly learning. I should be down to Earth and never think myself greater than anyone else.

I love computer science. I need to learn it deeply. I have to learn to sit down for hours and learn computer science. Why shouldn't I? This stuff is easily one of the most interesting things I could be studying.

I'm proud of myself for beating my squat PR, going from 130kg to 135kg. I originally wanted to hit 140kg this year, but I'm happy with where I am now considering that I had some struggles with squatting for around 2 months and only recently started feeling stronger again. I hope to hit even bigger numbers by the end of next year.

# List 10 things that inspire or motivate you.
People like Lex Fridman, Bjarne Stroustrup and David Goggins.
Seeing my own physique and realising that I made that. It makes me want to go way further.
Knowing that I have a job at Google. My life is going to be awesome because I will take advantage of the amazing learning opportunities and people I will encounter there.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Bjarne Stroustrup, Lex Fridman, and the people like him.
