
> \"Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
I don't know why, but I was feeling really frustrated and emotionally hair-triggered today. I am definitely normally not like this. I'm simultaneously ashamed at how emotionally impacted I was. 

I think this was all because of my experience yesterday:
- I couldn't help but feel a little inferior to Arthur. He got so much upfront from the internship. I feel in a way that he should be indebted to me. This is all wrong. I should celebrate his success and genuinely wish he does as well as humanly possible. This is what being a good friend means.
- I felt pretty shit seeing so many people who, in my opinion, looked very attractive. I hate that I don't look the way I want to look, yet. I should use this as motivation to actually bulk properly and do more resistance work.
- I didn't like being around my old high school friends that much. A few of them are great, but overall the experience didn't feel that meaningful. What are we connecting on? I just remember those times I felt like my friends were holding me back in life. I should probably be more conscious of the value of keeping them around in my life.

I've also been a bit pissed at my parents not really caring about their diet as much as I do. This will take time.

# What go-to coping strategies help you get through moments of emotional or physical pain?
I hate this about myself. I either hold it in or masturbate. In the best case, I talk to my mum about it and feel better.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Starting that mindfulness book.
