**Am I happy with today?**
I'm feeling angry towards dad for complaining so much while going outdoors with mum and I. I wish he would stop using his phone so much while outside with us and that he would just enjoy the experience more. I am honestly so pissed off towards him and do not want to go out with him anymore.

I'm starting to think again of that time that I stole ice cream. I am so deeply ashamed that I did that. You wouldn't fault a toddler for making that decision, but I was a young teenager and I should have known better. I'm ashamed that I had no real principles and moral understanding. I am grateful, however, that I can reflect back on this moment that I am most ashamed of and feel this way. I will be a man of integrity.

**What can I do better?**
I need to work harder and be more willing to endure severe discomfort for the sake of my goals. I am pretty goal-less right now and that's dangerous. Things will expand to take up all this precious time that I have available at the moment and I won't have this much time again.

**What am I grateful for?**
I'm grateful that I have a great job lined up. I remember being so damn happy to have gotten that internship.

I'm grateful that my mum is so caring and logical when she's consoling me. She tried to mend my poor attitude towards dad and really put things into perspective. I love that she of all people could do it, when not too long ago they had the worst fight I've ever seen in my life. She's really a person of solid character.

I'm grateful towards my dad for at least making an effort to do better.
