
> \"While we are postponing, life speeds by.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
I discovered that the girl I liked was taken. Thank god that I found out without directly asking her. Instead, I asked her friend and found out through her. I saved myself so much potential awkwardness. I wouldn't have minded being rejected, but I would have minded shitting where I ate. I do not want to see a girl I like around me in the office all day every day. So thank god. I was definitely going to make a move but thought it'd be good practice to sleuth her relationship status through her friend. I'm so happy because now I have experienced a few things:
- I've fallen in love and snapped out of it. I know what a crazily intense feeling it is now.
- I've met a bunch of cool people by being around her. That alone was so worth it. I came out of my hole and joined a community.
- I've stopped masturbating for a while. This feels fantastic. I want this to keep going. It feels just too pathetic to masturbate. Now that I know she has a boyfriend, I know that someone was already fucking my crush. I'm not going to let that just pass by. I'm going to beat him so badly. I'm going to be fitter, smarter, more ambitious and more compassionate and empathetic than him. I'm going to win, and there'll be no question that I'm a superior man. Yup, that's toxic, but I'm going to use this lust for beating my male peers to propel me forward.
- I've gained more experience with women. I talked to her, I made some god awful, painful mistakes. She was quite different to all the other girls in the past so now I've explored more than I anticipated. I learned that I should probably push myself beyond my comfort zone, socially, and especially with women. It's great.
- I feel a lot better about myself now. I am actually feeling quite a bit more confident. I don't really know why. I think it's because I talked to so many people and many of them seem to like me. I think I've grown a lot in the last few weeks.
- I now feel like a loser if I play games or otherwise just 'waste' time. I've gotten a glimpse of a better life, the life a superior man. I intend to live that life.
- Some girls are naturally just really friendly. I misread her signals. Or maybe she did like me despite having a boyfriend, but even then I doubt she's the kind of person to pursue other dudes. I should be extra skeptical of kind gestures and not misinterpret them. I saved myself there, I learnt the lesson without the unnecessary awkwardness.

Thank god things worked out the way they did. Seriously, almost all the alternatives would have left me worse off:
- She's not taken: 
	- We become long-term partners: this is great but I would always be thinking about whether I could have found someone better for me. I already knew of many 'dealbreakers' that I was happy to ignore because the brain chemicals overrode those rational thoughts.
	- We date and fall off: this is the worst case scenario. She returns to work on the same floor as me and it just feels awful bumping into her all the time. I.e. I shat where I ate.
- She's taken: it'd just be awkward, not painful, but just awkward, seeing her around in the office, especially if she were to return full-time.

I'm 21, I get to be selfish with my time. I don't have to plan dates. I don't have to take time out of my busy weeks to talk to that one girl and build a relationship. I can just go and work out, read, improve myself every which way, listen to my heroes on their podcasts, whatever. Seriously, I'm liberated. I get to do *anything*. I get to also find a girl who I actually have chemistry with, lmao. Thank god.

I didn't even find her particularly attractive initially. Glad it worked out this way. I thought her smile was too wide and her jaw too squarely shaped. I thought her frizzy hair was pretty cute, but I have always liked the straight elegant type of hair. I'm happy.

Now, I can focus on work. Thank fuck.

# Describe your favorite thing to do when feeling low.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
What I described above. I'm glad to not be simp anymore. I'm glad to have experienced what is was like and not be burned. Now I can proceed more rationally and with greater wisdom.
