
> \"No man is free who is not master of himself.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
It's the third day now. I'm a bit shocked that I thought so negatively yesterday. Today was really great actually. I once again felt myself in social flow. It felt so great knowing that I had the flexibility to just do whatever at Google — I could fuck around if I wanted and show up in the middle of the day just for lunch and then bail. I could go to the gym 24/7, I could do so much. I could schedule a meeting with pretty much anyone I wanted. I finally have a place to feel a little more at home, a place to meet people who I aspire to be like. Life is good. I hope to improve a lot this year. I want to understand production systems much better and I want to be a better programmer. I'll give SRE my all this year, then see where I'd want to go for 2024. I'll make my life into the one I want. I have such an amazing point to start.

I saw Yue, my intern host, napping in a meeting room. I thought that was kind of adorable. I'm still a bit attracted to her. If she didn't have a boyfriend, I'd absolutely consider going for her...

# What are three self-defeating thoughts that show up in your self-talk? How can you reframe them to encourage yourself instead?
1. "She's out of my league." In reality, this idea of leagues is too reductionist. The idea of sexual market value is too reductionist. A useful way to think of those girls is as a reminder for me to become a better man — I'd need to be in order to attract high quality women.
2. "Why am I so stale and unremarkable." This is the challenge, this is the hard difficulty of life, if your goal is to be remarkable. Why play the game on easier mode when the point of the game was the challenge?
3. "I'm not a good man." You sometimes aren't and sometimes are. You're human and you're imperfect. You simply aren't familiar with the beauty of goodness. You've begun to see some of that beauty and now you know it's in your nature to behave truer to goodness. Even better, you've realised you're not a good man all the time, which is a lot better than being ignorant of the fact.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Google, and all the people who are kind and inclusive of me.
