
> \"For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
I'm so disappointed in how I handled the situation. I'm glad I made the mistake in a way that I could learn from because I could've screwed up worse. You need to realise how much these things affect people and be more sensitive and understanding in the future.

I feel so deeply guilty for hurting her. I won't make this mistake again. I will not let her past colour my judgments of her at all, and I will be firm in retaining her privacy from other people. I fucked up, but I will come out of this a better person.

I will not allow my family to influence my decisions in life. I will hear them out if they have a useful opinion, but otherwise, these decisions are mine to make and I will be unwavering in this. I only want to make the people I care about happy. I only want to bring joy and comfort to the people I love.

Going forward, I resolve to have clearer boundaries with my family. I find it unacceptable that I let them interrogate me. Please forgive me.

I need to be able to focus rather than constantly think about this problem. Here's a practical plan to keep me at ease.
- If she replies, great -- I'll go over with sushi.
- If she doesn't, I'll go home. If she replies later, then I'll make my way over with snacks or something.
- If she doesn't reply later, I'll just give her space and time.
That's the best I can do with this situation. It won't ruin my relationship with her, we'll come out of it stronger. And if not, then I suppose that's fine too. So it seems to me now that there is nothing to worry about. I'll spend the next 2 hours or so focusing on work, then I'll go on a nice run, then the rest of the day is open for anything to happen.

# What go-to coping strategies help you get through moments of emotional or physical pain?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

