
> \"Settle on the type of person you want to be and stick to it, whether alone or in company.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
Today I found out Arthur and Waleed both got their return offers. I'm so happy for them, but also a bit dejected about my situation. I know that this is really just an expression of the fear of missing out. I'm not really going to think about it more, mainly because I'm not bothered. I already know my life is incredible, no need to diminish it by comparing myself to them. They're both great people to have in my life, I'm grateful for that. I'd want for them to shoot even higher and become even more successful.

I was tempted to masturbate again today. I then realised that that would have been the 5th time this month. I want to limit this. I am not a wanker.

I realised that I love the pain of vigorous exercise. I just couldn't resist going to the gym for a second time today. I feel like it just brings me up. I get to listen to music, I get to vent this pent up rage inside of me. It's healthy rage, I swear. I just have an outlet to push hard and be stretched. While running, I just focus on what it feels like to experience pain and discomfort. It teaches me to separate pain from suffering. 

# What three important things have you learned from previous relationships?
- That I'm seriously flawed and need to get better at emotional control among other things.
- That I'm so strongly overcome with emotion in the early stages of the relationship. I do not think objectively about whether they're a good fit for me and I idealise them a lot which is embarrassing to admit.
- That it's really nice to be single, and that I'd yearn to be single the same way that I'd yearn to be in a relationship.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My friends, Arthur and Waleed.
