
> \"Life, if well lived, is long enough.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
Today was a decent workday as well, mainly because I had solved a bug and got a thrill from it. I need to remember to not panic and not feel hopeless and in need of help. I just have to persist, step back and try again, and I'll get it.

I masturbated today. I'm happy that for the first time I could actually touch my glans without pain. It was really sensitive still, but not nearly as painful to the touch. I still feel a bit sedated after masturbating, which I don't like. It makes me not particularly interested in women, and therefore less anxious to work towards my goals (since, admittedly, getting women is an indirect motivator to achieving those goals). I have a healthier relationship to masturbation now at least. I understand exactly what it does to me.

I can't wait for tomorrow where I'll get to do codelabs and learn more about Google tech. This chapter of my life involves me becoming a higher value man and getting into great physical shape. I'm still not satisfied with my work performance and the size of my arms, neck and shoulders. I know it's hard or impossible to be satisfied, but right now I'm not even barely confident in my work performance and aesthetics, strength and endurance. I've got to work hard.

# What aspects of your life are you most grateful for?

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Being able to touch my glans for the first time. Seriously. This was one of my biggest insecurities preventing me from seeking sex.
