
> \"He who has a *why* to live for can bear almost any *how*.\" — Nietzche

# Thoughts
I've had so much awful sleep. I just want to get good sleep, focus on work, and get my life together. That's my goal for now.

I am feeling really stressed today because of anumber of reasons. Also, I am typing this blindbecause I don't like looking into blue light. That's why there may be a lot of spelling errors and other mistakes. Anyway, here are the things that are stressing me:
- I am becoming cloe with Jiaru really quickly. I feel like this is a recipe for failure. I need to be transparent about how I feel and let her know that I want to take it slow. 
- I really want to have sex and pleasure her. Maybe I can continue to do this, but I worry that it will draw me closer to her.
- I want to just let her know that I want to wait for the infatuation phase to be over before we make decisions.
I've been feelin a lot of stress from my parents because they disapprove of my relationship with Jiaru. I really wish they would just trust me and let me live my life. My impression is that they will indeed let me, but they seemed so distressed and begged me to consider leaving her. I am seriously conflicted. I'll talk to Jiaru later this week about it.
Work is stressing me a little bit. I need to get the handoff confirmed this week, I need to learn more about *od * config only nodes.  I need to do all this other junk. 
I need to get a grip on all the other things in my life such as the citizenship things, the Thailand trip, and so on. It's just all too much.
I can't think of anything else stressing me. It's just those. THey're all written down. I know what to focus on. There is nothing left to worry about. I can finally allow myself to rest.

I had sex with Mercury yesterday. I can't really believe it, I just asked her for a kiss, then it escalated. I started licking her pussy and it tasted so good. She took my underwear ff and I started feeling anxious and ashamed. I shouldn't have gone that far.  I'll just talk with her and it'll all be sorted out. She's mature enough to work with.

# What do you fear most? Have your fears changed throughout life?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

