
> \"We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
I am a little prouder of myself today - I went to work early and came home from work late. I spent several hours genuinely working and learning. I exercised. This was a great day honestly. I was stressed yesterday but made progress on the things stressing me today. I'm ready to do this again.

I've got so much more to write about, but I am a bit tired. I need to introspect deeper about my ego and narcissism problems. I get frustrated seeing couples in public, I'm constantly weighing up the 'quality' of the guy and girl I see. When I'm at the Google gym, I adjust my program to hit heavier weights because I think people are watching me, which makes me want to show that I'm strong. No one fucking cares about you. I was self-conscious today about working out in jeans doing OHPs. No one fucking cared and no one will remember.

I masturbated yesterday, felt okay about it, but today I just feel so dejected. I shouldn't be doing this. I'm grateful I had the strength of will to not watch porn this year, and I absolutely will not do so again. Even if it's just today, I'll keep getting through today. I think masturbating on a rare occasion is acceptable, if it's really driving me mad and chipping away at my will, but it is not the case right now. Masturbation just makes me sedated. I feel ashamed about that. What makes me masculine is essentially put on pause for a few days before I'm horny again. The horniness I feel drives me to pursue things. That's why I want to reduce masturbation frequency.

# What three things can help you begin working to accomplish those goals?

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Rahil, for steering me in the right direction to understand how to get promoted.
