
> “You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
Today was an okay day. I spent most of it working and had a nice walk with mum in Meadowbank/Rhodes. When I say working, I really mean catching up on Codelabs. I'm hoping that one day I'll have done enough Codelabs to feel acclimatised to Google's plethora of fucking arcane technologies. I masturbated again today, but thank fuck I didn't relapse to porn, although I was seriously on the brink. I did it and felt the relief immediately for not caving in to porn. I think withholding masturbation for a few days in between is pretty useful, it really ramps up my motivation somehow.

I have so much to do. What am I hoping for? I'm hoping that I'll eventually slim down the number of things I have to get to and just focus on the one impactful thing at work. Luckily, I think I'm near the end of the road for my Noogler project and I'm getting into the flow of things, finally. I still need to learn our services deeper. That'll be the next thing that will make me feel more confident at work.

Why don't I give my all to work each day? I think it's because I feel a bit ashamed at giving my time and energy to an employer. I shouldn't think that way. I'm giving time out of respect to my colleagues who I am learning so much from and who I am grateful to have around me as role models. I'm giving time as an investment in myself, to learn and to feel the extent of my capabilities and potential for impact. For these reasons, I should give my all to the workday. It's the one thing I wake up for, I just have to power through the workday and give it my best.

I notice that I do feel anxiety around sleep. I need to realise that this is the time I set aside for myself to just relax and turn off. I had a tiring day and this is my oasis, my reprieve, a long stretch of time where I simply get to relax and drift away, to be rejuvenated. It doesn't actually matter if I fail to fall asleep. There's no need to be frustrated. I just want this time to let myself relax. I'm succeeding by making the time for myself and allowing myself to be in this state. Falling asleep is a nice side effect.

# What do you appreciate most about your personality? What aspects do you find harder to accept?
I like that I'm self-critical. It drives me to never be content with my flaws and I'll always strive to get better because of it. The thing that's harder to accept is that I never feel adequate. I always feel lacking and discontent. I can cope with this though, knowing that I'm contributing to something greater than me, whatever that is. Currently, the striving towards being a better man is enough.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My mum, for taking the time to walk with me today. My mum again for taking care of me while I had COVID, for buying sushi when I was silently craving it.
