
> \"All we need to do are these three little duties—to try hard, to be honest, and to help ourselves and others.\" — Ryan Holiday

# Thoughts
Had more deep conversations with mum tonight. Here are some of the things we talked about:
- I finally told her I was stressed about her 'giving up'.
- I told her I disliked her attitude towards tiredness.
- I told her that she should be pushing herself each day.
- I told her I wanted her to do *something*. Just anything. Just to not be dying, wasting away at home.

I feel a lot more meaning and happiness now. I have a goal. I need to flourish because it would make my mum happy.

Today, Mercury invited me to go to a volunteering event with her. I hope it's just us two :). I'm not going to have any expectations, I'll just assume there's nothing between us, but I can't help but feel a bit joyous. I have some feelings for her and will absolutely make a move on her, possibly after the volunteering event, almost certainly so if it's just us.

Remember, you are the prize. This is not about contriving self-confidence, you are the actual prize -- you have so much going for you and you're committed to becoming a better man all the time. You don't 'deserve' anyone, per se, you are just capable of being attractive to some of the most amazing women out there. You have so much to offer them, and they must do a lot to get your valuable attention.

Keep them at arm's length away, don't repeat your previous mistakes. Doing this keeps your bond stronger, keeps you grounded in your masculine center, allowing you to focus on your purpose in life. Women are complementary to your life, never let her derail you. The unfortunate thing is that focusing more on this is the last thing you want to do if you want this sort of thing to go well. Stay out of your head, keep your nose on the grindstone, stay attractive to more women.

# How do you prioritize self-care?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

