
> \"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
Where do I start?

I've been on an emotional rollercoaster. I haven't felt such intense emotions in such a long time. Here are some things I've noticed:
- I *really fall hard* in love. I idealise the other person and put them on a pedestal.
- I pretty much have no chemistry with her. I would fall out of love with her very quickly. Think of all the times you've fallen for someone and couldn't stop thinking of them. You loved their smile, their laughter and their company. You've also completely fallen out of love with them. Seriously, think of Joanna and Yue. They were both people you couldn't really stop thinking about at one point.
- Having romance in my life seems like too much of a focal point. I did not ever intend this. I need to 
- I'm a hopeless romantic. I dream of ways to hold the other person's hand, to get them to trust me and open up to me.
- I'm not in love with her. I've just conflated her with my vision of an ideal lover, one who is smart, kind, hard-working and beautiful. There are plenty of girls out there who have all those qualities. Why do I have to bother with that now? You didn't even find her particularly beautiful initially.
- I've stopped getting urges to masturbate. This actually doesn't feel so great. I think the horniness of wanting to masturbate actually keeps me at my edge. One thing is for sure, if I watch porn now, I'd feel so fucking awful about myself.

I am absolutely not interested in her at all. She's far from the one for me. She doesn't tick many of my boxes. Why would I settle? She's a great person, surely, but not the kind of person whose personality complements mine. I wouldn't really want to be with a person like her.

Despite all this, I might still ask her out. Why? I feel this need to explain myself, to explain my strange behaviour around them. I also just feel like a coward if I don't. I don't care about the outcome. In fact, I'd prefer if she didn't want anything to do with me.

You're going to get over this. Think about how quickly you stopped thinking about Yue. Think about how you stopped thinking about Joanna (at least in the romantic way). There will be a girl out there who you have great chemistry with and who will actually be smart, kind and hard-working.

Everyone is awful in their own way. They all have their own problems in life, their own shortcomings, their insecurities, everything implied by the human condition.
> The more we discover about them, the less they will ever look like the solution to all our problems. **Ignorance feeds obsession**.

Isn't this beautiful in a way? I mean, the capacity to have such intense feelings. 

You went out of your way to be around her and in the process, you've connected with so many others. You've glimpsed a part of what life could be like if you had just stepped out of your comfort zone a little more. Wasn't that worth it? And also, this sort of thing was inevitable. You're a man and you're attracted to women. You have odd tendencies in your approach to love and it was useful to have them surface for you to observe and critique. Also, you formed connections with a bunch of other awesome people, isn't that amazing? You've earned a bit of a reputation amongst the interns, many of them know you, they respect you, and so on. It's great that you have made friends.

It's those moments when you talk to people, get to know them, go around to events, etc. that you discover how different life could be. You could be so much more adventurous and discover so much.

You know your value. You've got so much to improve on, yes, but you are a person with great strengths. You have a great career ahead of you, you work hard, you care deeply for people, you're kind, you're always striving to be a good man. Some people point out that you are physically attractive. You've got hobbies, you lift and read books. You're a pretty interesting person. What more can you really ask of yourself? That you make 100k more than you do now? When do you draw the line and say that you're good enough? And so what if you never get over this feeling — use it to your advantage, be always hungry to improve yourself and expand your experience.

I can't help but feel overly competitive around the thought that other men are going to fuck the girl I end up marrying. I want to get to her first and I am willing to do anything for it.

**Gaming**. I'm just not feeling it anymore. Life has so much more in store for me. Why should I bother? Same with guitar... it's great but I've got so many other things to do.

How great is it that so many people notice your physique changes? Doesn't it feel great knowing that you've stuck with something for months and made a big difference to your life? Yes you slipped up a few times, but your overall progress is pretty great. People comment on you being more muscular and bigger. 
Likewise, how great is it that people think you're someone who reads a lot? A year ago, you were basically a person who barely read books. But after putting a few points on the board, you've gained momentum and built up a repository of knowledge and now you have so much to talk about when it comes to books. You should absolutely keep going. You never felt the impact of the day-to-day reading, of which you are annoyed at how slowly you do, but it's inspiring to see how the accumulation of all those days has amounted to where you are currently. Isn't that impressive? Please continue.

Dating matters to me, but specific girls don't. I'm just being puppetted by chemicals when I think that I'm after a specific girl. I feel so much better now thanks to School of Life and 1STMAN.

All in all, you need to put your head down and get to work. It's the best thing you can do for your dating life, alongside dating itself.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Being a simp. It's made me step into a different world.
