
> \"Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
I'm back from a road trip with the other Google grads. Going on the road trip was really worth it. I got to speak a lot more with a bunch of the people there and form closer connections with them. Most importantly, I stepped quite a bit out of my comfort zone. I'd never do something like this before, and I'd probably withdraw from being around the people there simply because they were a lot more extroverted than me. I was able to make people laugh pretty often, which I'm happy with. I was able to meet pretty much everyone in the cohort. Overall, I'm real happy I did this, for personal growth.

I am feeling a lot more confident with speaking with people after the road trip. It was just two days, but I feel a little more socially tuned. I imagine that striking up conversation with women would feel more natural and easier now.

I had a really deep conversation with Rowan and Ryan. Man, I have so much more respect for those two now. We talked so much about health, discipline, exercise, nutrition, meditation, finance, therapy, and so on. It was so refreshing to meet people who are like-minded, and who had traits I really wished to develop in myself. These people are good to have around. I feel competitive tension with them, but also support and encouragement.

# Describe one or two significant life events that helped shape you into who you are today.
- When I dumped Liz and realised how shitty of a person I was.
- When I did hackathons with Waleed.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
The grad road trip. For getting me more socially attuned.
