
> \"Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
Some overdue topics that I wanted to journal about from the past 2 weeks:
- About your interaction with your manager and other coworkers:
    - I'm not reaching out to people enough. I'm only just starting to do this more often and it's paying off. I should be pushing myself to ask dumb questions more often.
    - I need to make better use of my meetings with Andy. I should go in with a clear goal of what outcome I'd like from the interaction.
- Insecurity about appearance:
    - I don't know what to say anymore. Appearance doesn't matter as much as I believe it to, but I should still consider it important enough to try to optimise without going overboard. This means getting decent clothes that fit me, becoming muscular, having nicer haircuts, etc.
- Constantly think people are observing you:
    - This is a big problem in my life. I get self-conscious reading in public because other people might be observing what I'm reading. While that might be true, no one fucking cares. Pretty much no one has ever chatted to you on the bus. You don't know the names of or remember even a single person you've seen on the bus. Why do you care?
    - Thinking you need to look good every time you go outside. Who cares if your hair is messy or your clothes are sloppy. Really. No one is looking at you.
- You're not good. People are so much better than you think:
    - People are better at deadlifting than you. People are better at running, at software engineering, at talking to women, at doing all these other things that you care about being good at. Being humbled is a gift. You should see it as an indication that you are nowhere near your limit and have much more suffering to endure to be at the same level. Being humbled has expanded your horizons on what is possible. It's a gift, embrace it when you see people who are incredible at what they do, far more so than you.
- Just ask people for things politely. They rarely refuse in general, and so almost certainly won't in Google. 
- This year's goals should be about career, health and getting over social fears.
- The next time I have to troubleshoot something: just take your time, don't panic or give up, take a break and give it a shot again.
- From a podcast: the best way to become friends with someone is repeated reciprocal self-disclosure.

And now a more recent topic that has been occupying my mind:
I'm noticing that I'm starting to feel stress at work. Why? It's because I want to prove myself, to feel useful, and to strive for a promotion as fast as possible. But why? Most of it comes from narcissism/ego. I want to feel important in this world. I want people to think of my favourably. In reality, my health is degrading at this desire. Breaking myself for just a slightly more favourable look from other people isn't something I'd be proud of doing. There's much more to life.

I masturbated yesterday a few times. All to pictures. I was sick, sleep deprived, and felt weak and pathetic. I feel a little disappointed in myself, but thank god I didn't go to porn. Right now, the main disadvantage of masturbating is that I lose some of that drive and aggression that I naturally feel which helps me be more assertive and passionate, less sedated.

# What helps you stay focused and motivated when you feel discouraged?


# One Thing You're Grateful For
My angelfish. It brings my mum joy.
