
> \"The best answer to anger is silence.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
I need to get over Jiaru's sexual past. I hold irrational opinions about her because of it.
- I would do the same if I were in her shoes. I would have intense sexual desires, and I would be attractive enough to pick out attractive people to satisfy them. Why wouldn't I indulge in that kind of pleasure? I would have done the same if attractive women threw themselves at me.
- She has chosen me now. We are exclusive. She has told me that I am special to her, and I believe it. She's told me she feels lucky to have me, and she is. Isn't that enough? She's said no to probably 100 guys. She's only said yes to a few men out of a hundred or more, and you are one of them. 
- She's had sex and knows what she wants. You're going to perform better than those men because you'll go into it making her feel safe and loved. You'll give her something nobody else was able to give.
- She was willing to have sex with you but she has clarified how she felt about it, and you were really happy with what you said. She intends it to be meaningful now. You have no reason to doubt her.
- She's kinky. You can't ask for a girl who's sexually prolific and who's a virgin. But now she's yours -- cherish and respect her. You're going to have amazing sex with her.
- It's the past. You've done things you weren't happy to have done. You've behaved in ways that are contrary to your character now. People are capable of change, and it seems she has changed. Forgive her, and love her like
- It is unreasonable to be jealous. She's chosen you now, you are special to her. There's no doubt about it. Are you saying that a prostitute isn't able to be loved as a person? People are more than the sexual experiences they've had.
- Plus, for a girl like her, she's barely done anything. She's still a pure angel.

# Does your work drain or overwhelm you? Why? Is this something you can change?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

