
> \"A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
No reply from Cleo today. I do feel a bit pathetic that I have been anticipating her reply for most of the day. I couldn't sleep because I was so horny from thinking about her. That's okay, I've just been so out of touch with women and feeling so overwhelmed from taking the plunge so suddenly. Over time, I'll acclimate to this feeling and begin spinning plates. It's important to me that I get to a point of abundance. I want to be charismatic, sexually appealing and satisfy myself and women I'm with.

I know that I'm the prize and I'm indifferent to the outcome. Sure, it'd be great if it leads to sex, but I'm happy to have tried because now I've kicked off the journey and will do even more later on. If nothing happens next weekend, maybe I'll head to Google and take some pictures for Hinge.

I won't check for her messages tonight. I'll just sleep, and if something happens tomorrow, then great. Otherwise, I'll count this as a loss and soldier on.

I've been feeling this butterflies-like feeling in my stomach and chest all day. I'll acclimate to this too. I'll feel it fully and let it be. I'll enjoy it now, because eventually this feeling will fade when I actually get used to approaching women.

Maybe in July, I should organise a sarging trip with a friend where we go and try to approach women.

Remember, you are the prize. You are someone who's acceptably tall, has a great career, has an interesting life and clear interests, is fit and cares for health, is humorous and kind. You have flaws of course, but you definitely could attract some of the best women out there. Remember, you even attracted Joanna, even if briefly. That was a serious achievement. Also remember all the girls that swarmed you in high school.

I feel such strong urges to masturbate but to be honest, it's all a failure to be present and observe the feeling. Once I observe it, it will fade. Keeping the nut inside me keeps me on edge, sharp and ready to be assertive in the world. Busting just placates me, kills my dreams and my passion for women. This insane horniness in itself is genuinely something to be enjoyed.

# What is one of your most cherished memories and why?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

