
> \"No great thing is created suddenly.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
I feel a pretty strong urge to game again. I don't know if I should. I find Rimworld really enjoyable, and the new expansion has me longing to play it, but I know that it's not good for me. I honestly think I'll just pass. Maybe at some point I'll play again, but right now is a dangerous time to be picking up bad habits again. I can't let my bad habits exceed just PMO.

I spent the better part of this morning (my most impactful hours) writing notes on Spark. I don't think it's wasted time, but I could have been doing something more meaningful. I think that in the morning I felt that I had too many tasks and was a bit overwhelmed, so I decided to do the thing with the least resistance, and that was finishing off Spark notes. In the future, I should avoid having such huge task lists... I don't know what to do about it yet, but maybe I'll more ruthlessly drop things.

# What is an accomplishment you're very proud of? Why are you proud of it? What can you do to do more things like that?
I'm really proud of that moment when I picked up a geometry book and just worked on it consistently for a little while. Seriously, that moment, when I was starting to get pretty good, was the start of all this momentum the last several years. If not for that, I would not have scored exceptionally high that one time in year 10, which means I would not have performed nearly as well in year 11 and year 12, and consequently in university. It all happened because I had an open mind and desire to learn and get better. I still have this and must go harder and be bolder and hungrier for knowledge, wisdom and competence.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My mum, who listens to me and respects the things I say. My mum and dad are both willing to admit they were wrong on certain things and give me autonomy. It feels great to have both their respect.
