
> \"The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
Just for clarification, these are my daily routines for the morning and evening:
1. My morning routine:
    - Wake up and turn off alarm on phone. Wake up at <= 6:00AM.
    - Go run 5km on all days apart from Monday, Tuesday and Friday.
    - Shower on Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays.
    - Meditate for 10+ minutes.
    - Get tea and begin day.
2. My evening routine:
    - At 8:00pm, stop everything. Make goji tea and drink it.
    - Brush teeth.
    - Journal.
    - Lay out clothes for tomorrow's run.
    - Throw phone to other side of room. Sleep to podcast or nothing at all.

Now, I need to reflect on the last few weeks.
- Gaming: I have been gaming so much recently. I am going to tone it down substantially now. It doesn't actually make me all that happy. What does make me happy is working hard on projects every day instead. I just feel horrible when I go through an entire day not having done much. I'm glad that I've learnt this lesson.
- Reddit: I have been using Reddit a fair amount as well. I notice that I do this in moments of weakness — such as when I've been gaming all day and feel pretty awful about it, I'll just double down on the disgust I feel for myself and go harder on the binge for entertainment. This is so unlike me. I've never wanted to mindlessly entertain myself like this. I'm taking control and stopping this pointless behaviour. It brings me zero happiness. It's just incredibly easy to do.
- YouTube: similar story. I've been resorting to YouTube as a way of doubling down on my shitty behaviour. I don't know why I do this self-sabotage.
- Porn: again, I just keep sabotaging myself. I feel so horrible for doing this. I don't want to be such a miserable boy by continuing this. No more. I promise.
- Mindfulness: I haven't meditated consistently in a long time. I really want to just feel present in my life again and pay attention to things that matter to me. This is all life really is. Isn't that important enough to spend just a few minutes a day on it?
- Momentum: this is perhaps the most profound observation I've seen in my behaviour. If things are going well, I will continue them. If things are going poorly, I will continue them. I simply continue to reinforce my behaviour in the direction that I'm in. It happens that I had some drastic change to my schedule (after taking the trip to Cairns) and then simply never recovered because I kept reinforcing my own behaviour in the direction of ignoring my responsibilities and just having fun. I kept finding reasons to 'take it easy'. I'm disgusted with myself. I thought I was better than that. Now at least I am aware of my behavioural pattern.
- Sleep: I don't know why it's so hard — I want to sleep by 9 and wake up by around 5:30am. Is that so hard? I need to stop working or doing anything else completely by 8:00pm. I will now set a non-negotiable alarm to 5:30am and will fit my schedule around that without flexibility on when I wake up. This is the only way I'll fix my sleep.

I realised that this feeling of improving myself every day, of learning new things and seeing projects being worked on is critical to my sense of self-worth and meaningfulness. I have to continue doing this no matter how life treats me, no matter how weak my mind is. 

For the remainder of this year, I will:
- Finish off Konflux. Whatever the state. Write my lessons. Make it something that I can still list as a project in my portfolio.
- Help dad deploy the math site.
- Finish off a few textbooks:
    - Clean Code
    - Site Reliability Engineering
    - C++ Bjarne
- Finish off a few more books:
    - On Writing Well
    - The Mind Illuminated
    - The Selfish Gene
    - The Obstacle is the Way

# What are your strengths in relationships (kindness, empathy, etc.)?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

