
> \"Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you will be able to use them better when you are older.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts

I am really disappointed with myself. Since coming back from Cairns, I've felt my routine slip. I also started gaming again and masturbating. These things have caused me significant dissatisfaction with my life, even though it's only been around 2 weeks this way. I've made the mistakes already and have suffered for it. Now I need to stop and get things together again. I'm writing this in the morning, already having failed to execute on my morning routine. I'm just going to dump more of my thoughts here for healing my recent lack of discipline.

I read that book, Four Thousand Weeks, which I used as an excuse to start gaming and masturbating again. That is just sad. I missed the whole point of the book. It is precisely the fact that time is limited and I should enjoy things moment to moment that should compel me to not game or masturbate. I hate the state of life these habits deteriorate to. These are not habits really, they're just anomalies in my behaviour. I'll stop them because I see them for what they are, now that they've wreaked havoc into my daily structure. All I'll do today is read and code, then I'll execute on my evening routine. This is just a blip on the radar, don't worry, you can obviously still save this and turn it around.

I have no goals at the moment. Or rather, I have too many unformulated ones that I may as well have none at all. This must change.

I am kind of glad to hear that Dom and Joanna both said they've been burned out for a while. I know it wasn't just me who felt the toll of constant grind for the past while.

I am so sick of Simon. I went with him yesterday to Ikea and Uniqlo. He's not only doing absolutely nothing productive with his life and refusing to do anything differently out of stubbornness, he also has started conveniently blaming mental health as the source of all his problems. I feel like a bit of an asshole saying this, but I just cannot believe he can dump all his problems like this and justify his existence. I must remember to stay the hell away from him where possible. 

# What three changes can you make to live according to your personal values?
Stop gaming and masturbation. Get your daily structure back in order. Be clearer on what each day's purpose is.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
That trip to Cairns. And also for Dom and Joanna for doing a great job leading Structs.sh, and for Gordon and Luke for being interested in leading Structs.sh for next year.
