
> \"You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
I had such a bad day with porn today. First, I searched up lewd images of lingerie in the morning, then I caved into that porn video that I've watched for years, then I went to even more extreme porn shortly after. That's 3 times. I felt myself almost break down at how frustrated and shameful I felt. I don't deserve this pleasure. This is such a betrayal to who I am. Next time I get urges, I will just release pure rage against it. It is unacceptable to give up. Rather than feel helpless, I am going to put up a huge fight. I will do whatever it takes and not admit defeat. I'll drop what I'm doing and go outside for a few minutes, I'll talk to mum, I'll just go exercise, I'll go watch a YouTube video, I'll exhaust all the possibilities.


# What do you appreciate most about your personality? What aspects do you find harder to accept?
I like that working hard, finding meaning, and loving life are important to me and are things I prioritise doing. I like that failing to do these things leaves me sad and regretful, because it prevents me from straying. What I find unacceptable about me is that I still relapse to PMO, and sometimes I'm so averse to signing up for certain things like events, social situations, etc. In a way, it's cowardly, not rational as I'd hope to believe myself to be.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
Reading the Psychology of Money. I think the lessons in that book will serve me for a lifetime. I'm also grateful for a mum who trusts me and allows me independence.
