**Am I happy with today?**
Somewhat. I unexpectedly spent the morning learning more about Python again. I feel a stronger grasp towards languages after completing that Programming TypeScript textbook. Learning type hinting was like re-visiting TypeScript syntax. I also finally learned about the Python import/export module system a little more in-depth and now understand the basics of my struggle with it.

I continued reading Man's Search For Meaning. It's a really emotional book. One very interesting psychological phenomenon the book ponders is the apathy the author developed towards human suffering. Another interesting observation is that humans seem to regress in their wants, which is noticeably reflected in their dreams. Sexual urges are not present when the primary urge becomes hunger. The main takeaway from this for me is that my baseline of happiness is in equilibrium with the status quo, meaning that I'll probably always feel something missing, and when I acquire it, the goalpost for 'happiness' simply shifts forward. One more compelling insight from the book is that love is truly what makes life worth living. I'm starting to get why Lex Fridman is so obsessed with the idea of love in the world. I want to suffer in my life, and I want it to be for love.

**What can I do better?**
I need to suffer more. I need to work at least twice as hard. I don't know why but time seems to just fly by after lunch. I really need to capitalise on my morning mental vigour and 

**What am I grateful for?**
My mum for selflessly living her life to make me happy.
