
> \"It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
Write about your struggles with masculinity.
	I think that a large part of what I think of masculinity is tied with being desirable to women. I forget that masculinity is really an expression of good character, nothing that much more. Being desirable to women is only a proxy.
	I do feel slightly inferior racially and genetically as a result of some of the content I've been consuming related to blackpill ideology. I should stay away in the future. These thoughts are not hepful. I, out of all people, should not fall so easily into defeatist thinking. Wasn't I successful with girls in igh school? So much so that I was almost annoyed and unsurprised girls liked me? What the hell am I bitching about. The only thing that really matters right now is being a good man, whatever that is. I'll find out what that means to me.

What's your plan with dating?
	I strongly think that I must focus on mysel. I'm 21. I have nothing of value a the moment. I have the beginnings of a great career and I mustn't jeopardise that. I have the beginning of an excellent physique and am becoming very passionate about health and powerlifting. I have an interest in starting other pursuits like jiu jitsu. I also want to read a lot and learn deeply about things. I simply don't have time to do all these things well, let alone in addition to dating. Dating matters a lot to me. I'll try to make time for it very infrequently, but the focus will still be to make myself the best man possible. The only reason I see for dating is: to become better at talking to women and connecting with them, to provide additional guidance on what sort of person is atractive towomen, and to find love. I should be patient. Now is not really my time to shine yet. I am just a boy in his quest to figure out how to become a good man.

I don't want to play games anymore. I feel ashamed at myself and unhappy when I do.
	I remember when I wore the fact that I did not game like a badge of pride. I've gone so backwards since that assertion. I am left unhappy and disappointed with myself after having gamed. I don't blame gaming specifically for this problem. I blame my compulsiveness and impulsivity. Still, gaming really exacerbates that impulsivity. I'm ashamed to have not exercised temperance adequately. The conclusion seems to be that I cannot really have a healthy relationship with gaming. At least, not yet. I won't game anymore. Not until I feel my life is properly in order (which I understand is possibly never, so I'll make reasonable compromises).

# Explore an opinion or two that you held in the past but have since questioned or changed. What led you to change that opinion?
Veganism. I realised that it is actually morally blind of me to dismiss veganism. I would not accept cruelty to animals personally, yet I still act in a way that enables it. I realised that the biggest reason why I opposed veganism was that it seemed culturally oppositional. I would be ridiculed by in social contexts, maybe not outrightly. I fear the social consequences of such a lifestyle. Knowing these things changed my mind.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My mum, for being so empathetic.
