
> \"Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.\" — Marcus Aurelius

# Thoughts
I notice that I procrastinate largely because "I'm not in the right mindset for the task". E.g. If I really want to get some programming done but my mind is constantly thinking about investing, I somehow justify continuing with learning investing because that's the most efficient way of task allocation (to minimise context switching since my mind was already on the topic of investing). This is really just an excuse to be a little bitch. I'm not having it in the future. I do know that context switching is in fact a problem, but I am definitely not better off using this 'efficient task allocation' decision-making to then never actually complete the tasks I really wanted to complete. Putting it off only made it harder. In the past, I had no problem with whipping out VSCode and just coding, but now I do.

I found out that SImon is dating Alicia today. I honestly feel so disappointed in him. I can't believe that he is so arrogant in thinking he is rational. Whatever, only time will tell. I wish the best for them, bt I just think this is going to be a difficult relationship;. It is not my business to judge. I hate that I think this way. I hope I never become as delusional as him, thinking that I know better than I do.

# List 10 things that inspire or motivate you.
Too many lol. Seeing great people who have accomplished that which I have really wanted to achieve for sure is motivating. For example, knowing that it's possible to be the most powerful person in the world, literally, and not have your morals and virtues tarnished from the power is extremely inspiring (Marcus Aurelius).Loving the work motivates me. Women motivate me, as much as I hate to admit. THey make me better.

# One Thing You're Grateful For

I'm grateful someone cares about me, even though I am reserved about him.