
> \"While we wait for life, life passes.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
Wow. I just felt so liberated today. Knowing that there's no chance to be with her just made me infinitely more able to be natural. I was able to focus more on work. I felt more at my edge. Everything felt better today. 

I find it strange though, she seems quite keen to be around me and seems to go out of her way to be around me sometimes. I wonder if she'd do that with other guys if I were her boyfriend. If so, great, because I don't think I'd like that. I would not like her to go around to crazy parties with all this makeup on and let herself be shoulder to shoulder with other guys.

I had some intense urges to masturbate today. It was interesting because they pass by very quickly when I just focus on them and do nothing about it. It does oscillate very frequently though. It felt powerful knowing that I didn't have to be swayed by the urges. I'd feel so damn awful about myself if I caved in. My mind was urging me to be weak, it was telling me that I only had to do this up until the point I asked out Jenny. Now that it's out of the question, I'm free to do what I want? No. I need to think about her boyfriend, whoever he is. I want to keep this horniness inside me. I want it to drive me to be better than whoever that fucker is. I want to be smarter, harder working, kinder and better looking. I want to lift more than him, run more than him, do everything better than him. That's my reason to not be a degenerate.

# What place makes you feel most peaceful? Describe that place using all five senses.

# One Thing You're Grateful For

