
> \"Wealth is the slave of a wise man and the master of a fool.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
I just finished my second day at Google as a full-timer. I feel a bunch of emotions right now:
- Grateful that I get to talk to some incredible people and learn from them.
- Overwhelmed by how much stuff I have to complete.
- Most prominently: impostor syndrome. 
I feel so awful about myself honestly. What have I done? I'm no good at algorithms, it's honestly a miracle that I got into Google in the first place. Close to everyone around me is insanely smart. The girl that I realised I might have been developing feelings for (yup, on my second day...) turned out to be pretty insanely smart. I couldn't help but feel inferior. She's only in second (or third) year and she's accomplished more than me comparatively at the same point. Fuck, comparison is the thief of joy. I now feel ashamed to have developed the beginnings of romantic attraction to her. I'm no man.

I've got so much more things to get under control in my life. I do this things now where I look at the build of the men around me and see if they're more muscular than I am. Unfortunately, I do see a number of people even at Google who are more jacked than I. Yup, that bothers me. I'm neither good at getting in shape nor programming or being a good worker.

What the fuck is wrong with me.

I recently read more about stoicism. I seriously need this practice in my life. I have no orienting compass in me to navigate these complex emotions I feel. These are all things I have no control over. I was bound to feel them at some point or another. What I do have control over is what I do with these feelings. I could either let them depreciate my value as a person or I could let them drive me to accomplish more, to make myself better. I will try, with every fibre of my being, to think the latter. I will apply myself, I will give my all this year to becoming an excellent worker. I will achieve my goal of getting to L4 and getting into amazing shape. I will conquer. I've been humbled today and it was completely necessary for driving me hard in the right direction. I'm grateful that I get to be in an environment now where I'll be more like these incredible humans. This feeling of inferiority will pass, and even if it doesn't, it's bound to propel me up.

I'm also just thinking about my behaviour during the internship. That is not me. I especially regret 'complaining loudly' and publicly about the situation with permissions last year. What a fucking child I am. Good that I know better now and that I have to face this discomfort of confronting what an emotional failure of character that was. I won't do that again. 

One thing I'm happy about, at least, is that I felt what it was like to be 'social flow'. I felt that for a while, I could talk to anyone and be somewhat charismatic. This is incredible, I desperately need exposure to these opportunities more than anything else. Thank the universe for letting me be here. I hope to make something of this newfound situation I'm in. Perhaps in a year's time, I'll look back and think of how childish and cringeworthy my introspection was.

# What three things would you most like others (loved ones, potential friends and partners, professional acquaintances, etc.) to know about you?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

