
> \"Only time can heal what reason cannot.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
It was the interns' last day last Friday. I went with Jenny and Geoff to Auspost to help Geoff with posting his mechnical keyboard back to his home in Brisbane. That was a sad walk. I had just come out of a cooking class with Jenny. We bailed shortly after getting started there. She left her jacket on one of the seats and I remember to grab it for her. After we walked back to the office, we left for Auspost. I just felt really sad. I would never see Geoff again probably. I would probably not see Jenny often after that day. I just felt empty on the bus ride back. I was listening to John Mayer's 'You're gonna live forever in me'. It's such an incredible song and captures my feelings for Jenny perfectly. I'm glad that she'll get to live forever in me. This was for the best. A relationship between her and I would never have worked out as beautifully as I had pictured. There is always a better partner for me. I just need patience and to learn to detach.

I felt pretty awful last night about my progress at work. I know I'll be fine. This is good though, I slacked off in the first few weeks at work and now realise that I need to kick myself into gear. I felt reality. Now the interns are gone, I can focus on myself and work hard at my job. I formed so many great connections over the last few weeks. I'm really grateful for that experience.

I know I'll kill it at work. I'll work hard. I'll learn hard. I can do it.

# What helps you stay focused and motivated when you feel discouraged?
Knowing that I'm doing something that others are not. Knowing that others want to be comfortable and weak. That invigorates me.

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My time with Jenny. She'll live forever in me.
