
> \"Only time can heal what reason cannot.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
On second thought, I don't think Jenny would be a great long term partner for me. I feel an overall lack of chemistry. I'm skeptical whether she'd be a great fit as a mother and whether our goals in life are aligned. I think I'm just jumping on the excitement of a beautiful story too soon. She's just a person. There are many people who are likely a better fit for you. Her friend, Jess, for example, was someone you undoubtedly had a better and more organic connection with.

I think you shouldn't abandon everything. It was really nice to have experienced intense love for the last several days but now you have to step up as a man and face reality. And the reality is that you wouldn't have as great of a union as you'd think with her. Right now you're just searching for reasons to make it happen, rather than letting the reasons arise and then  have them drive the love.

Be more distant, not because you want to manipulate her yearning of you, but because you're not so truly invested in her anyway. She's just someone you see around. That's it. Move on and you'll be happier.

That feeling of love? How cheap it was. All that was needed to produce it was a person that looked decent, ticked a few of your boxes, and was kind to you in the moment. Gather more datapoints, step away, pause and reflect.

Keep it together and don't get big ideas. Focus on what truly matters to you - your mission.

Just to convince you fully, here are some observations about her that you don't really like all that much:
- Doesn't share the same sense of humour. She rarely laughs at the things you find really funny.
- Doesn't really actively try to get to know you.
- Cultural gap. She wasn't born in Australia.
- English skills might be mismatched. They're clearly very good, but it might never truly be the same as yours and others.
- She's too similar to Joanna. And we know how that went down.
- Might not be the greatest mother. Mainly because she doesn't strike me as someone who wants to be chained down to a family.
- She went to a private school. I unfortunately do have some prejudice towards that. I feel some bitterness actually. I feel like there is a greater chance she's spoiled. However it's an incredibly unfair assessment of her.
- This is my problem, but I recall she did contribute to my impostor syndrome. I think being around her may make me feel less of a man. Not sure.


# How do you make time for yourself each day?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

