
> \"A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
It's been a while since I last journaled. The dominant thought pervading my life is how quickly time has gone by and how little I've accomplished during it. What do I even do in a workday? I learn not so much, I contribute barely anything. I feel incredibly disappointed in myself for not achieving more. I don't know why it's become so hard for me to sit down and focus for long stretches of time. Perhaps the things I was learning about earlier are just so much easier in comparison to what I'm learning now for work.

Regardless, this is a good experience. I just have a tendency to be disappointed with myself whenever I am not excelling. I've realised, especially after having read "Ego is the Enemy" that I'm quite an arrogant/narcissistic person. My ego was quite fragile and I am quite susceptible to fluctuations in my opinion of myself. I recall that one time I delivered my first lesson for COMP2521, thinking I was some hotshot. I am glad to have been humbled by that experience. I'm glad to be humbled now by this current experience of struggling to understand all this complex technology and being around people who seem orders of magnitude smarter and harder working than I am. I'll learn and I'll be more like these people. I believe myself to be narcissistic because I very easily can develop contempt for certain people. I actually feel a bit of contempt towards some of the other grads in Google. I feel like they don't deserve their position, even though I know nothing of them and their story. I don't know exactly why I feel this way, but I'm glad to identify it.

Today I felt so motivated towards the end of the day. I was working through the Bigtable codelab and just felt great about understanding things better.

# What can you do to improve your work performance?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

