
> \"We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.\" — Epictetus

# Thoughts
I feel inadequate in my life. I feel threatened when someone seems objectively better than me in all ways. I want to beat Ryan. I want to be stronger, smarter and more disciplined. What the fuck is wrong with me. I should just quit gaming entirely and stop being such a loser MOing. I should spend all my time training, reading and working. These things genuinely make me happy anyway. Why not dedicate my entire self to this for this year? Fuck all the people who make me feel bad for being single.

I hate that there's a difference between how I am now and the kind of person I hope to be.

I'm not actually working on side projects, I'm not actually reading as much as I should. I'm not in the shape that I want to be in

But thank fuck I went to the outing with the grads. I wouldn't have had such a hard reality check.

I'm going to just put my nose to the grindstone and go hard.

Today I'm going to read myself to sleep, enjoy this time I have now to rest, then tomorrow I'm going to crush the day. I've got a true rival now. Isn't that amazing? I've got a clear goal to beat.

I'm going to get L4 this year. I'll stop at nothing.

I honestly just feel pathetic for MOing. I'm staying clear of it for a month.

I'm so pissed at myself. Let's go.

I'm going to avoid my high school friends, except for the people I respect most among them.

I’m going to stop listening to music all the time when I run. I want to let my mind wander and feel the pain closely. I don’t know why I feel the need to just run at the same or higher pace for the entire run, there’s no shame in slowind down to catch my breath and then starting from there again. There is no shame in having to slow down to a walk either.

I realise how much time I waste in transition to things: in transition from bed to running, from running to meditating, from meditating to getting up to go catch the bus, from bus to work, from work to bus, from bus back home to shower/eat/sleep. There are so many inefficient gaps in my day. Stopping listening to music will probably at least hasten the transition between bed to running and running to meditating.

# What three important things have you learned from previous relationships?

# One Thing You're Grateful For

