
> \"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.\" — Seneca

# Thoughts
I had a choice today when I wen t to go grab dinner. I could have went to find a table outside and sat by myself, eating food, listening to podcasts, or I culd have had the courage to go be with the other grads and actually be a social fucking human sometimes. I chose the latter, thank god. I hope I keep choosing the latter. I loved it everytime someone joined me when I was eating alone. I should have the courage to join others more often.

I  am reading the Rational Male and it's really giving me reality checks.In particular, I am probably too concerned with being 'kind' and chivalrous to women by assuming and doing more than necessart in pursuit of monogamy. In reality, I need to drop this concer. I should be taking a shotgun and scattering shots across a bunch of girls. I shuld learn the taste of rejection. I have literally never been rejected for real. I have solittle experience. The main lessons I'm learning so far are that I should not be such a simp to one girl. Or more specificaly, any girl. I should drop the fantasy that some perfect human for me exists in the world and will stumble upon me bypure chance. I don't 100% agree with the alpha and Beta terminology, but I certainly agree there exists a hierarchy amongst men, particularly in the sexualmarketplace. I think the Alpha and Beta labeling is too simplistic to map onto humans and their complex social dynamics.

# What can you do to improve your work performance?

# One Thing You're Grateful For
My mum, for being a precious human.
